Previously on...
[Darby]
We were in Andy's suite.
It's a bunker.
I'm starting to feel like
this might not be
- a hotel at all.
- [Andy] This is sabotage.
I'm being set up.
You have hacking skills,
right, Lu Mei?
What were you doing?
I don't fucking have
to answer that.
I know that Zoomer is
Bill's son.
Darby, you said that
to my husband?
[Andy]
I'm sterile.
I never told anybody,
not even my wife.
[Lee]
It's never good to keep secrets.
I've kept so many of them.
I cannot trust
a single fucking person!
I think we should go home.
I, I think
you might be losing it, Darbs.
[Darby] I really thought
you were different.
[Bill]
You're ready to break into a
potential serial killer's house,
to what, to save them?
I mean, you can't.
They're dead.
[Andy]
Why is it, wherever you go,
death follows?
[grunts]
[flames crackling]
[muffled grunting]
♪ ♪
[cracking]
[breathing erratically]
- [Lee] Darby.
- [gasps]
[echoing] Darby, I think
we've got to get you warm
and we've got to get you dry.
I'm really, really cold now.
Andy's gonna be out
of his treatment in 43 minutes.
I'm gonna go upstairs,
try to intercept him, but--
[Lee] Be careful,
he's very raw right now.
[David]
Oka-Okay.
Be safe.
Okay.
Get you up.
Gonna get you up, Darby, okay?
- [whimpers]
- Okay. There you go.
[hair dryer blowing]
You just have to sit tight
till David gets back.
Was it you who sent me
the Morse code
to tell me to meet you here?
Of course. The phones
aren't safe here.
In certain spaces
there's no surveillance, though,
for his privacy.
Our bedroom, these baths.
So it's safe to talk here.
How do I know you didn't
lure me to a blind spot
to close the pool cover over me?
[laughs]
Jesus, Darby.
The pool cover was closed
by the time I got here.
It jammed. That's why
I ran for David to get you out.
Is the pool cover on the grid?
- You think it was hacked?
- Hacked.
[sighs]
I want to trust you, Lee.
I-I really do.
But it's hard.
The fake passport, and...
I don't think you've ever
been honest with me
about anything.
Everyone I've told the truth to
is gone.
Everyone except for David.
Really, Darby, I've just been
trying to keep you safe.
Well, I'm not safe.
No one is.
It's about Andy.
Isn't it?
You're hiding something for him.
Lee...
you've got ID and credit cards
in another name.
A wig and a go bag you carry
with you everywhere.
You look like someone
guilty of something.
At first it was
really small things.
Andy always used to say,
"My son. My boy."
He never once said "ours."
But he loved Zoomer, so it
hardly mattered what he said.
But later those small things
became much bigger things.
What Zoomer eats,
measured to the last gram.
Prolonging his REM sleep cycles.
Increasing his alpha waves
for greater concentration.
Andy controls every aspect
of Zoomer's life.
I mean, as the stress and
pressure of building this place
and Ray mounted, he'd lose
his temper more quickly.
Steady, steady, steady.
Okay, you're doing good.
And just imagine, when Andy
first showed us this hotel,
he wouldn't let Zoomer
go outside.
[Zoomer]
Look at me, Mommy!
[Lee]
Fear of kidnappings.
So Zoomer rode his bike in here.
[loud thud]
But he fell.
- And Andy flew into a rage.
- [Zoomer crying]
Are you okay?
Something Zoomer witnessed
too many times to count.
My head really hurts.
[Todd]
Let me take you to see...
I'm really sorry.
Just, it was so... [groans]
Mommy.
[Lee]
Andy was obsessed
with building an empire
to protect his son from
every kind of apocalyptic end
- he could imagine.
- I'm okay.
But the thing Zoomer needed
protecting from...
was Andy.
You can't unteach the things
that they learn
in that moment.
I realized that once
the hotel was done,
Andy's control
would be complete.
He'd move us into
the underground suite, and...
we'd be trapped.
I knew I had to get him out,
but I just didn't know how.
I guess I could have
called the cops,
but Andy has the president's
cell phone number.
My accounts are shared.
My credit cards are
all in his name.
I don't have any real money.
And then I remembered this
one kid from high school,
he'd become a journalist
and lived off the grid
in a little cabin in the woods
in Nova Scotia.
And I'd never told Andy
about him.
[school bell rings]
So one day I go to pick up
Zoomer from school,
same as always.
[indistinct chatter]
Mommy!
[car door opens]
[woman]
See you tomorrow, kiddo.
- [Lee] Hi, my love.
- Hey, Mommy.
- How was school?
- Good.
Are you buckled up?
Okay.
Only I don't go home.
[kids laughing, screaming]
I take him somewhere
with a lot of people.
Rum raisin.
Your favorite, right?
- No.
- No? Chocolate?
Yeah. I want some.
All right, are we doing
a roller coaster,
or are we gonna go on
the Ferris wheel?
All public surveillance cameras
are routed through
massive facial recognition databases,
but I have a way to defeat that.
And I know Andy's got malware
on my cell phone,
so I find a way to give him
someone else to follow
for a while.
You think we're gonna be able
to make it through that line?
- Huh? That's a long line.
- Yeah.
I hacked the New Jersey DMV,
found a woman with brown hair,
blue eyes,
my height and weight,
who also has a young son.
Her driver's license
is about to expire.
[speaks indistinctly]
So I applied for a new one
and showed up at the DMV
to get my picture taken
in her place.
What about our car?
This is our new car.
I like the other one better.
[laughing]
Oh, you do, huh?
You haven't even driven
in this one yet.
How do you know?
We drove for 18 hours straight.
I didn't dare
pull over to sleep.
I stopped only for gas.
We crossed the border
into Canada
as Monica Chapman
and her son Tommy.
[chuckles]
We had $213 to our name.
[sighs]
When we got to that cabin
in the woods,
I was so relieved.
I had done it.
[laughter]
I heard my friend's laugh
coming down off of the porch.
[speaking indistinctly]
And I smiled to hear
that laugh because
it hadn't changed in 15 years.
Hey, Lee, you made it.
And then I saw who
he was laughing with.
Andy.
On the plane ride back,
Andy only spoke once.
You can go.
Zoomer stays.
Honestly, Darby, to this day,
I have no idea how he did it.
There is no leaving him.
And he's grown more
and more obsessed with Zoomer.
Andy's success comes
from his singular focus,
and that new focus is his son.
So he wanted to know Bill?
To know his own son more deeply?
That makes sense, maybe.
I had no idea that Bill
was Zoomer's father.
I thought that Andy
invited Bill because
he wanted to keep
his critics close.
And I wasn't surprised when
Bill rejected the invitation.
Wait.
So Andy invited me?
The bait.
And Bill said yes.
Oh, my God.
I reached out to Bill
after he accepted
Andy's invitation.
I couldn't think of anything
else to do. I was desperate.
And you thought...
that was your second chance
to get out?
And Bill told you to put Rohan
on your list for the boat?
A climatologist
at this sort of thing
doesn't raise any eyebrows.
Yeah, but even a boat has
to dock at some point,
so you needed new passports,
new names.
So you went to the person
Andy would least suspect.
The Argentinian.
Who could get you
safe passage to Buenos Aires.
David has seen his fair share
of Andy's rage.
And that would explain
why David was
at Bill's room that night.
They were to meet.
The three tea cups.
Bill.
Rohan.
David.
And you-you think that Andy
is behind all of this?
Maybe.
But Andy's too smart
to invite Bill to his retreat
and have him murdered.
Especially if he knew
about the paternity.
Even if he thought he knew
Wait, which would explain
why Andy's been so nice to me.
I mean, maybe he genuinely
needs me to figure this out.
Except, like a fucking idiot,
I led him straight to you.
God, Lee, I'm so sorry
- for everything
you've been through.
- Don't be.
I fell in love with Andy,
and there are whole parts of me
that love Andy still.
But I can't let Zoomer
grow up in a house of pain
like I did.
I'm the one who owes you
an apology, Darby.
All this is really my fault.
You wish it was that easy.
Sian said that to me.
She said that often guilt
is easier than the truth.
What's the truth?
That you were doxed, stalked,
terrified into disappearing
from the world.
But you met a man,
a powerful man
who you thought
could save you
from all of that.
Except it turns out
he was all of that...
just in a new form.
It was a good plan, though.
I mean, the retreat would have
been in full swing,
and you and Zoomer would have
just slipped away
into the night.
It was a good plan.
Then someone murdered Bill
to try and stop you.
And now they're trying
to kill me.
But I think we should go
to Bill's room.
- Why?
- I think I've been...
I think I've been making
what they call
the big old mistake.
What's the big old mistake?
I've been focusing on
trying to find the killer,
when I should be trying
to understand the victim.
How long till Andy
gets out of treatment?
In ten, 15 minutes.
- Great.
- [clattering outside door]
David?
[door unlocking]
David, is that you?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
[chimes]
- He deactivated my ring.
- Wait, try mine.
[chimes]
Fuck.
[door shuts]
[Darby]
Shit.
[footsteps approach]
[Lee]
Oliver.
David sent me.
He said he's keeping Todd busy.
- And where's Zoomer?
- Asleep, David said.
He sent me to take you both
back to my room across the hall.
You'll be safer there
when he intercepts Andy.
What's going on, exactly?
Why your room?
Uh, no one is looking for me.
Fair.
Um, well, I got to go
to Bill's room.
I'll come with you.
Can I come, too?
It's been really stressful
sitting alone in a room
for days on end,
not knowing what's going on.
Not knowing if you're next.
Just waiting.
I can't do it anymore.
Please?
[door chimes]
♪ ♪
I don't think David
is going to be able
to stall Andy very long.
Why are we here?
I don't know yet.
[inhaling]
You know the doorbell cams?
- Do they have playback memory?
- No.
Fuck.
Wish I had my laptop.
I keep thinking about
that door cam footage.
I wasn't about to let Todd
take my precious.
Here.
Sick.
You know the network?
Yeah, I do, actually.
I got it from a light bulb.
[chuckles]
Mm.
[Darby mutters]
[Darby]
Number 11.
There's this thing from
right before Bill died
that's really bugging me.
Right there.
That.
- It's an empty hall.
- No, look.
The light changes. See?
Bill opened the door.
Someone's edited themselves
out of the footage.
Yeah, but why not just cut that
section of the footage entirely?
[Darby]
You'd notice a time jump.
Whoever did this is really good.
Well, maybe Bill thought
he heard something,
opened the door,
but no one was there?
One more time.
Look.
Your book's here.
- You should wear gloves.
- Uh, okay.
None of us should even
be in here,
and you were literally smelling
the dead guy's shirts.
There are a lot of prints.
Bill's injected.
It catches him by surprise.
The killer leaves.
It's a few moments
before Bill realizes
that he's in any trouble.
Then suddenly his...
his chest starts to feel like
it's about to explode and...
his brain starts
shutting down and his...
his fingers start to go cold.
And then he feels...
He starts losing
his major organ function.
He tries to steady himself
on the fireplace.
But he hits his head.
He falls.
Then he's on the ground and...
There's a lot of blood.
There's blood everywhere.
He knows he doesn't have
a lot of time.
He sees the book.
And he grabs it.
Because he knows you will come.
Because there's something in
here that he wants me to know.
It's the last chapter.
I always read this at readings.
[Lee]
R-Read it out loud.
Right now?
Yes, right now.
I'm not sure this is the best
time for starting a book club.
[Lee]
Bill was dying.
He knew he was dying.
And in his last moments,
he doesn't reach
for the phone or the door.
He reaches for that book.
Because there's something in it
he wants Darby to know.
[Oliver]
Read it, Darby.
Three heads are better than one.
"I sometimes wonder...
would it have been better
not to go?"
"I think about it
like a match point in tennis
"or a coin toss.
"When the game, the bet,
"your life,
can go one way or another."
We're just gonna, what,
break into a potential
- serial killer's house?
- Vacant house, Bill.
It's for sale.
- Still breaking and entering.
- You picked me up
in a stolen car.
And then, what,
we're gonna tear up the house
in hopes of finding
his first victim?
If you want
to give up and go home,
that's fine.
I can do this on my own.
Sorry.
This is... this is stupid...
[Lee]
It's not stupid.
I think you just feel overwhelmed.
And that's okay.
- We're here.
- [Oliver] Yeah.
Go to the next part.
It's just that I, I don't...
read this part...
normally.
But that's
where all the blood is.
"We took apart the staircase
one step at a time.
- Until there was no going back."
- [drill whirs]
Bill.
♪ ♪
He started with his wife...
Patricia.
[door opens]
[footsteps approaching]
[door creaks open]
Patricia Bell.
Carmen Perez.
Latisha Jones.
Ruth Kaminski.
Melissa Chang.
Alison Dupree.
[Bill]
Marissa Bahari.
[gun cocks]
[Darby]
Bill...
[gunshot]
[body thuds]
[high-pitched ringing]
[muffled, distorted speech]
[muffled, distorted speech
continues]
[muffled]
What? I can't hear you.
You're okay, you're okay.
My cell phone's dead.
Can you help?
Bill?
Will you help me?
I need your help.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
[panting]
- Ah!
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah.
[Darby]
Here, you take the side.
All right?
Yeah.
[grunting]
♪ ♪
[garage door opening]
- [knocking]
- [Darby] Hello?
Someone? Please.
I'm sorry.
There have been two murders.
And my-my phone's died. Can--?
What? Where?
Across the street, 394.
Could you call the police?
Frank's old place?
[stammers]
It's empty. For sale.
Always back on the market,
Frank's old place.
Besides, he is police.
Patricia Bell is in there.
Patty?
Yeah, uh, we think
we found her remains
b-beneath the house.
Can I use your phone, please?
George?
Get the phone!
[footsteps approaching]
- [buttons beeping]
- [line ringing]
[operator]
911. What's your emergency?
They-they found Patty.
[operator speaking indistinctly]
Patricia Bell.
She didn't skip town.
She never left her house.
[operator speaking indistinctly]
- Hello?
- What's the address?
- Yeah. Patricia Bell
and Frank Bell,
both dead in their home,
394 Maple Drive.
Frank Bell
is a former police officer.
He committed suicide
on the premises.
We have reason to believe,
and evidence to back it up,
that he is responsible
for the serial murder
of 11 women across seven states.
[operator speaks indistinctly]
Thank you. Thank you.
- [phone beeps]
- [exhales]
[Darby]
Bill?
[Bill]
Yeah?
Want to get in?
Yeah. Yeah.
Here.
[Bill sniffles]
Did you see his face?
No.
No, I didn't.
Neither did I.
I wonder what was in his eyes.
Whether he knew he was
gonna do it or...
if he was still deciding.
I don't think it matters.
Yeah.
He must have been
on that sub-reddit.
Following us for a while.
Getting high off the work
we were doing.
So I guess, in a way, it's like
we were appreciating
what he'd done--
I wasn't appreciating him.
You know what I mean though.
Like, we were doing
all this work
- to try and figure out--
- Wait, what are you,
what are you talking about?
He had a gun.
He was about to shoot us.
I-I thought we were gonna die.
We didn't die.
We didn't. He did.
- Because he couldn't face--
- Who cares about him?
He's nothing.
He's the result
of faulty programming.
He's the, the,
the juice concentrate
of a system that needs
to be fed dead bodies
in order to survive.
He's boring and predictable,
like the most basic code
cycling over and over again
until all
the women are destroyed
and the world just burns--
What are you...?
- What are you saying?
- I'm saying
you want the killer
to have meaning
and he doesn't have meaning.
He's just...
he's just a killer...
[stammers]
I don't know, Darby, I just,
I'm trying to process this
and-and-and, like,
tell you how I feel and-and
you're on the case.
I want to know how you feel.
I'm tired.
I'm just tired.
♪ ♪
[birds chirping]
Bill? Bill?
[water dripping]
♪ ♪
Bill?
[gasps softly]
♪ ♪
[crying]
[sniffles]
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
It's actually really,
really good to cry.
No. No, it feels like shit.
Yeah, but it's
like throwing up.
It would be worse
to keep it in.
You'd end up a bitter old bitch.
[laughs]
He's right.
[Darby]
I just...
I never, um...
I haven't read this
since I wrote it.
I approved the galleys
when it was published, but...
[Oliver]
Why?
I guess that I, um...
I didn't want to see
all the ways that...
I had left him
before he left me.
I didn't want
to believe that I...
I'm not able to meet love.
[sniffles]
I know a thing or two
about that.
Me, too.
- [laughs]
- It, um...
It struck me funny,
the word he used.
- Can I?
- Yeah, of course.
He said...
the killer was the result
of "faulty programming."
Yeah, um...
"The same code recycled
over and over
just in new bodies."
What-what does that mean?
[Lee]
I think it means Bill
knew his killer,
knew the killer was a hacker.
And he was trying
to communicate that to Darby.
Maybe David's right.
Maybe it was Lu Mei.
Lu Mei?
You know she knew Bill, right?
Or at least, he made work very
critical of smart cities.
Smart cities aren't just, like,
cities where the lights
automatically turn on.
They're cities where
everyone is tracked.
- Surveilled.
- Fuck.
All right, so, um...
so Lu Mei?
What about Eva?
[sniffles]
I don't know, I-I...
started to get
the feeling that, um--
She's in love with Andy?
She is.
[laughs]
And who knows, I mean,
maybe after
all those fucking treatments,
he's in love with her, too.
But would Eva know how to hack
the pacemaker receiver?
I don't know, but, um...
she has access to the morphine
and the pacemaker receiver and...
maybe she's not working alone.
Andy.
I mean, doesn't he have
the biggest motive
for killing Bill...
and laying the blame
at your feet?
Maybe we need to get
you and Zoomer out of here.
Like, right now.
Don't we all need to get
out of here right now?
Yeah, but...
I think they're
in a greater danger.
Even if the police get here.
You were the one that
was held up at knifepoint.
I know, but only to stop me
getting closer to you.
If they'd have wanted
to kill me, they would have.
Look, Sian and I made it
to the coast. It's not far.
Maybe ten miles east of here.
It doesn't matter.
Bill always said
that Rohan's boat didn't have
any electronics on it,
they navigate by the stars.
How would we even get
a message to them?
I don't know.
But a boat never leaves
its captain behind.
They left a zodiac, flares.
Maybe they're just
waiting nearby.
[shouting outside door]
Lee!
[grunting]
[Oliver]
Lee, wait.
Darby?
[grunting]
Oh, my god, David.
Sorry.
[mutters]
There's my wife.
♪ ♪